---
layout: post
title: "humor"
date: 2020-04-23
comments: true
categories: [language, learning]
abstract: "notes"
---

##### love language  
* “瘦很美, 肥也好得意”   肥都无所谓  

* This is amazing. 
It’s nice we could see here

Let’s change subject, ok?
what did u get?
**You are my favorite person here**
**I feel more optimistic when you are around** 

I am very glad you came back tonight 

Not I really hope your dating is fail, but be honest, **I take a lit jealous**
**are u okay?**

how many you met?
you are what I own only 

* I just admit what is on my mind?
I get so nervous.
we are being friends for a while.

I just figure anything out.
I think about you a lot, I mean I am not crazy, right?
you feel the same way. so I think we should both admit it

and, wow, you look very pretty today, I meant to start that
I know it is difficult for u, because I am an uploader, and you are a liver.
I know i have no right to expect or demand anything about you,
but I also cannot help my feel, so 
I am not really get into it.
wow, it’s so embarrassing.
I just make everything weird, forget what I said anything


i remember you, I remember every moment we have together
every fun, exciting, interesting, silly moment
I remember last night

I cannot stand with u, norn, I am really sorry
I really like you

* Love is passion, obsession, someone you can't live without. If you don't start with that, what are you going to end up with? Fall head over heels. I say find someone you can love like crazy and who'll love you the same way back. And how do you find him? Forget your head and listen to your heart. I'm not hearing any heart. Run the risk, if you get hurt, you'll come back. Because, the truth is there is no sense living your life without this. To make the journey and not fall deeply in love - well, you haven't lived a life at all. You have to try. Because if you haven't tried, you haven't lived  


##### humors
*  because your consciousness can think and comapre with your memories. That's still you.
   thinking and being alive.

* i mean, maybe the imperfections make it more like life.  cause life isn't perfect.

*  > "I don't know. what color is the suit?"
   > "It would match with my eyes"

* "was that in the bath tub?"  "Because i did wonder"

* "幻觉黎啫, 吓我唔到"  (安慰)

* "烧鸡翼, 我钟意事"  

* 样衰都不是罪过哉  

* 抠女只有两个字 “靓仔”  
  那我就没问题了  

  靓仔不敢要, 有钱就好了  

*  





##### polite
* 辛苦你的这么早过来  

* "各位, 不好意思,来迟了; 根叔, 我头先见了台湾片商, 他送我靓茶, 我知道你钟意饮茶, 一定拿来孝敬你"

* You know, **I like the way you have** effieicently

* because **it's in a slightly different time zone than** the kitchen.  
